In the movie Wall-E all the AI in the movie behaved very differently from one another for example Wall-E and Auto were decapitated in two different ways in the movie and acted differently with humans compared to other AI’s. 
  For instance in the movie Wall-E was programmed to clean up earth and basically move like a robot and do what he is told, however his artificial intelligence becomes an ASI at some point and now he is an Artificial Super Intelligence robot. Now about the way they interacted with humans. With Wall-E when he met humans for the first time and interacted with them he was very curious about them since he has only seen them on tv and he was in general very kind and nice to them and just wanted to help. Additionally because of Wall-E's caring nature when he finds a plant for the first time he automatically makes sure to give it the best care possible even with other living things like a roach.
   However Auto was the complete opposite Auto was programmed to just control the ship and make sure everything was in order and eventually he either develops into an ASI at some point or already was. So because of this he didn't develop or have a caring nature Like Wall-E. For example it was told in the story when they found out that plant life was back on earth they were instructed to return. However a plot twist happens and it was shown that 700+ years ago the president said not to return to earth and that it was impossible for life to return. 
  So when the Captain of the ship showed Auto that there was plant life and they could return, Auto showed the Captain the video of what the president said and told the Captain we can not return. When the captain decided to go against what Auto Said he decided to go ahead and start the return to Earth protocol Auto rebeldes and decided to follow his previous orders and attempted to destroy the plant and tried to lock up the Captain however he eventually ends up failing and gets shut down. So compared to Wall-E, Auto is ASI who will follow command to the fullest of the higher up even if it might be wrong and can't be convinced either wize while a character Like Wall-E or Eve can be convinced of certain things and will listen unlike Auto. So to compare these characters even more, Auto is like overruling Tyrant or Ruler while Wall-E and Eve are more of a Benevolent king and Queen.
